Status Update:
I was trying to to set up my computer for testing the changes I made since I wasn't sure what exactly the functions I
was calling were returning. Additionally, I thought there was an existing function for identifying what variable was
being referred to in a line of code (for auto-completion), but I couldn't find it. The Project Lead ended up clarifying
that we would need actually to write the function to do so. Our project lead clarified on how to access the debug files
and setup the testing environment for the code that I was looking at in particular (as well as an existing test script
they had for testing the auto-completion function). I plan to finish testing and finish writing the function for
identifying the variable we are referencing in a given line.


Comments:
I had a lot of trouble working with the Ubuntu WSL setup and finding where my debug files were because I haven't worked
very extensively with Linux in general. The first issue I ran into was not knowing how to set up the environment
variable to allow debug log statements to be stored. Then I couldn't figure out why the /tmp files weren't showing in
my Jupyter Notebook directly (which was where I assumed they would be). Lastly, when I finally did find the debug logs,
the session.log files were always blank when I tried to access them. I figured out that it was because my Jupyter
Notebook session ended, so the files were cleared out as a result.
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1026951836369961050/1034574285429280878/unknown.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1026951836369961050/1032723974154637413/unknown.png

In the midst of all that, I was trying to figure out a separate way to obtain the debug logs by running the existing
test script that checked the functionality of the do-complete() function that I was modifying. As such, I spent some
time trying to figure out how the data in the test script file was formatted, so I could add in my own test cases that
would check the attribute autocompletion feature. Plus, I had some issues initially with the version of pytest that was
installed running on Python 2.7 instead of Python 3, like it needed to be.
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1026951836369961050/1032452785800761344/unknown.png
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1026951836369961050/1032446279181156372/unknown.png

After I was finally able to test the variable and access the debug logs, I realized that my function was written
incorrectly (from the Project Lead's explanation) and that the hard-coded test case I had for testing temporarily was
actually causing some of the issues I was running into. Thankfully, our Project Lead also gave me some hints on how to
proceed (correctly this time) with what I knew/had now and the changes weren't very major. He also gave me a couple
tips on functions I could consider for using to write the actual parsing for last variable called (although I probably
will not get to that aspect quite yet, or at least not in depth).
